We've briefly reviewed the learning objectives of
the course and I provided a standard cybersecurity definition,
talked about why security is important and how it applies to business goals.
We also talked about a brief history of malicious software,
malware, and computer security key events.
You saw an example of a typical cybersecurity environment and tools.
Lastly, you were introduced to the course project.
In this lesson, we covered the definition of cybersecurity.
How cybersecurity affects your life,
how business stakeholders play a role in cybersecurity,
a brief history of information security and cybersecurity,
high-level cybersecurity tools and environments you will need throughout the course,
and a high level of understanding of the course project.
I hope you're excited to get started.
Join me as we explore the world of cybersecurity,
hacking, and network defense.
更多新版课程跟代码还有一对一VIP服务请加wx：udacity6